Protocol: add restriction on path appearing at more once in a snapshot list of `add` files (#4058)
delta-io/delta: PROTOCOL.md

 - it is **legal** for the same `path` to occur in an `add` action and a `remove` action, but with two different `dvId`s.
 - it is **legal** for the same `path` to be added and/or removed and also occur in a `cdc` action.
 - it is **illegal** for the same `path` to be occur twice with different `dvId`s within each set of `add` or `remove` actions.

>  - it is **illegal** for the same `path` to occur more than once in a snapshot list of `add` actions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - it is **illegal** for a `path` to occur in an `add` action that already occurs with a different `dvId` in the list of `add` actions from the snapshot of the version immediately preceeding the commit, unless the commit also contains a remove for the later combination.
 - it is **legal** to commit an existing `path` and `dvId` combination again (this allows metadata updates).
```

>  - it is **legal** for the same `path` to occur in an `add` action and a `remove` action, but with two different `dvId`s.

Reviewer 2: BTW, this requirement from L485 above seems incorrect?
> for simplicity it is required that there is at most one file action of the same type for any `path` (regardless of `dvId`).

Wouldn't a "normal" remove/add pair that updates the `dvId` violate that requirement?

The requirement might make sense for action reconciliation... but this is the spec for commit file content. Also, I believe CDC actions are also considered file actions, and it's legal to have an add and a cdc for the same path?

Reviewer 2: Right 🤦 -- reading comprehension fail on my part, sorry!

 - A single `metaData` action
 - A collection of `txn` actions with unique `appId`s
 - A collection of `domainMetadata` actions with unique `domain`s.

>  - A collection of `add` actions with unique path keys, corresponding to the newest (path, deletionVector.uniqueId) pair encountered for each path.

Reviewer 2: I just realized that the second half of this sentence I suggested is redundant with L839 below. Maybe it's still helpful here, to distinguish clearly between the path-only part of the rules vs. normal path+DV pairs?

 - A collection of `txn` actions with unique `appId`s
 - A collection of `domainMetadata` actions with unique `domain`s.
 - A collection of `add` actions with unique `(path, deletionVector.uniqueId)` keys.

>  - A collection of `remove` actions with unique `(path, deletionVector.uniqueId)` keys. The intersection of the primary keys in the `add` collection and `remove` collection must be empty. That means a logical file cannot exist in both the `remove` and `add` collections at the same time; however, the same *data file* can exist with *different* DVs in the `remove` collection, as logically they represent different content. The `remove` actions act as _tombstones_, and only exist for the benefit of the VACUUM command. Snapshot reads only return `add` actions on the read path. In any given snapshot, it is illegal for the same path to occur more than once in `add` actions.

Reviewer 2: Seems like it would be simpler/cleaner to just update the "collection of `add` actions" bullet?
> - A collection of `add` actions with unique `path` keys, corresponding to the newest `(path, deletionVector.uniqueId)` pair encountered for each path.

Author: sounds good
